INTMDB-804: [Terraform] Create new TF Data Lake Pipelines resource and data sources. (#1174)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-datalake-pipeline/README.md

> # Example - Okta and MongoDB Atlas DataLake Pipeline

Reviewer: Not sure where Okta is included?

Author: Removed. Thanks!

> This project aims to provide an example of using Okta and MongoDB Atlas together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project provides an example of using Okta and MongoDB Atlas together.
```

## Dependencies

* Terraform v0.13
* A MongoDB Atlas account 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will also need to install the Atlas Terraform provider:
```

```
Terraform v0.13.0
+ provider registry.terraform.io/terraform-providers/mongodbatlas v1.10.0
```

## Usage

**1\. Create an Atlas Organization.**

**2\. TFVARS**

Now create **terraform.tfvars** file with all the variable values and make sure **not to commit it**.

**3\. Review the Terraform plan.**

> Execute the below command and ensure you are happy with the plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execute the following command:
```

``` bash
$ terraform plan
```

> This project will deploy the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Review the output of `terraform plan` to make sure the changes are correct.

This project will deploy the following:
```

> This project currently does the below deployments:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This project will deploy the following:
```

- MongoDB Atlas Project
- MongoDB Atlas Cluster
- MongoDB Atlas DataLake Pipeline

**5\. Execute the Terraform apply.**

Now execute the plan to provision the Federated settings resources.

``` bash
$ terraform apply
```

**6\. Destroy the resources.**

> Once you are finished your testing, ensure you destroy the resources to avoid unnecessary Atlas charges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you finish testing, ensure you destroy the resources to avoid unnecessary Atlas charges.
```
